Allow specifying SWC version (#54)
sensiolabs/AssetMapperTypeScriptBundle: doc/index.rst

    sensiolabs_typescript:
        swc_binary: 'node_modules/.bin/swc'

By default, the bundle uses SWC v1.3.92. However, you can specify a different
SWC version to compile your codebase if you need a newer feature or bug fix:

.. code-block:: yaml

>     # config/packages/asset_mapper.yaml

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    # config/packages/sensiolabs_typescript.yaml
```

There is an error in the code block just above, it will be fixed in the next documentation update.

    sensiolabs_typescript:
        swc_version: v1.7.27-nightly-20240911.1

> Note that you should remove the existing SWC binary in the `var` directory after switching the `swc_version`; otherwise, it will use the old binary.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that you should remove the existing SWC binary in the download directory (``var`` by default) after switching the ``swc_version``; the download is only triggered if no binary is found in the download directory. Otherwise, the existing binary will still be used.
```

I suggested a little addition to clarify "when is the version checked",  and used the rst code syntax
